# High

## [H-1] Weak Randomness in `Raffle::selectWinner` leads to anyone to select the winner
**Description:**
In `Raffle::selectWinner` we create a random number to select the winner.But unfortunately we are taking the `msg.sender`, `block.difficulty`, `block.timestamp` as a base to generate random number. Hash generated by these values is predictable. Anyone can figure out the values before tha hand and that make himself/herself as a winner.
**Impact:**
Any user can loot the money by selecting themselves as a winner by predicting the random number.
**Proof of Concept:**
1. Validators will be aware of `block.difficulty` & `block.timestamp`, using this they can choose when to start the raffle.
2. They can use a different `msg.sender` which can be used to predict the random hash along with above values.
**Recommended Mitigations:**
Using on-chain values as a base to the randomness is a well known threat. Better to generate a random hash off-chain and use it on-chain.

**Another Instance:**
PuppyRaffle.commonImageUri (src/PuppyRaffle.sol#139)

---

## [H-2] Malicious winner can revert the transaction by having revert statement in receive/fallback functions while receiving the winning amount which halts the raffle forever.
**Description:**
In `Raffle:selectWinner` we are making an external call to send winning amount to the winner. If the winner is a contract and don't have any fallbacks functions / have revert statements in fallback functions then the transaction will be reverted this eventually makes the people to join the raffle but not get money back to anyone.
### Impact:
Since the transaction failure, it's not possible to distribute the prize as well as start a new round.

---

## [H-3] Integer overflow of `totalFee` / `fee` in `Raffle:selectWinner` will block some money in the contract
**Description:**
In solidity versions prior to `0.8.0` are prone to integer overflows.
**Impact:**
In `Raffle:selectWinner` we calculate the total fee generated in a raffle using two variables `totalFee` & `fee` which are of type `uint64`. `uint64` can handle only till `18446744073709551615`. There is a chance that this number can increase, in that scenario the `totalFee` will be having a wrong value in it.

---

# Medium
## [M-1] Looping through players array to check for duplicates in `PuppyRaffle::enterRaffle`  is a potential denial of service (DoS) attack, incrementing gas costs for future entrants
**Description:**
The `PuppyRaffle::enterRaffle`  function loops through the `players`  array to check for duplicates. However, the longer the `PuppyRaffle:players`  array is, the more checks a new player will have to make. This means the gas costs for players who enter right when the raffle starts will be dramatically lower than those who enter later. Every additional address in the `players`  array is an additional check the loop will have to make.
```solidity
// Check for duplicates
for (uint256 i = 0; i < players.length - 1; i++) {
    for (uint256 j = i + 1; j < players.length; j++) {
        require(players[i] != players[j], "PuppyRaffle: Duplicate player");
    }
}
```
**Impact:**
The gas consts for raffle entrants will greatly increase as more players enter the raffle, discouraging later users from entering and causing a rush at the start of a raffle to be one of the first entrants in queue. An attacker might make the `PuppyRaffle:entrants` array so big that no one else enters, guaranteeing themselves the win.

**Proof of Concept:**

If we have 2 sets of 100 players enter, the gas costs will be as such:

- **1st 100 players:** ~6252048 gas
- **2nd 100 players:** ~18068138 gas

This is more than 3x more expensive for the second 100 players.

```solidity
function testDenialOfService() public {
    // Foundry lets us set a gas price
    vm.txGasPrice(1);

    // Creates 100 addresses
    uint256 playersNum = 100;
    address[] memory players = new address[](playersNum);
    for (uint256 i = 0; i < players.length; i++) {
        players[i] = address(i);
    }

    // Gas calculations for first 100 players
    uint256 gasStart = gasleft();
    puppyRaffle.enterRaffleValue{entranceFee * players.length}(players);
    uint256 gasEnd = gasleft();
    uint256 gasUsedFirst = (gasStart - gasEnd) * tx.gasprice;
    console.log("Gas cost of the first 100 players: ", gasUsedFirst);

    // Creates another array of 100 players
    address[] memory playersTwo = new address[](playersNum);
    for (uint256 i = 0; i < playersTwo.length; i++) {
        playersTwo[i] = address(i + playersNum);
    }

    // Gas calculations for second 100 players
    uint256 gasStartTwo = gasleft();
    puppyRaffle.enterRaffleValue{entranceFee * players.length}(playersTwo);
    uint256 gasEndTwo = gasleft();
    uint256 gasUsedSecond = (gasStartTwo - gasEndTwo) * tx.gasprice;
    console.log("Gas cost of the second 100 players: ", gasUsedSecond);

    assert(gasUsedSecond > gasUsedFirst);
}
```

**Recommended Mitigations:**
There are a few recommended mitigations.

1. **Consider allowing duplicates.**  
   Users can make new wallet addresses anyways, so a duplicate check doesn’t prevent the same person from entering multiple times, only the same wallet address.

2. **Consider using a mapping to check duplicates.**  
   This would allow you to check for duplicates in constant time, rather than linear time. You could have each raffle have a `uint256` id, and the mapping would be a player address mapped to the raffle id.

```solidity
+ mapping(address => uint256) public addressToRaffleId;
+ uint256 public raffleId = 0;
.
.
.
function enterRaffle(address[] memory newPlayers) public payable {
require(msg.value == entranceFee * newPlayers.length, "PuppyRaffle: Must send enough to enter raffle");
for (uint256 i = 0; i < newPlayers.length; i++) {
players.push(newPlayers[i]);
+       addressToRaffleId[newPlayers[i]] = raffleId;
}

-   // Check for duplicates
+   // Check for duplicates only from the new players
+   for (uint256 i = 0; i < newPlayers.length; i++) {
+       require(addressToRaffleId[newPlayers[i]] != raffleId, "PuppyRaffle: Duplicate player");
+   }
-   for (uint256 i = 0; i < players.length; i++) {
-       for (uint256 j = i + 1; j < players.length; j++) {
-           require(players[i] != players[j], "PuppyRaffle: Duplicate player");
-       }
-   }
emit RaffleEnter(newPlayers);
}
.
.
.
function selectWinner() external {
+   raffleId = raffleId + 1;
require(block.timestamp >= raffleStartTime + raffleDuration, "PuppyRaffle: Raffle not over");
}
```
---

# [M-2] Having a strict balance check in `Raffle:selectWinner` will allow attacker to send extra eth to contract using self-destruct which make to halt the withdraw the money
**Description:**
In `Raffle:selectWinner` we do have a condition to check whether the contract is having the exact balance that we received as a **Fee**. Point to remember is there is always a way to send eth to any contract other than the functionalities the contract provided so having this strict condition is not considering other ways to send eth which eventually breaks this condition and revert which makes no one to withdraw the money.
**Recommendation:**
Use `address(this).balance >= uint256(totalFees)` instead of `address(this).balance == uint256(totalFees)`

# Low

## [L-1] Using dynamic types with `abi.encodePacked()` and giving this value to generate hash using `keccak256()` in `Raffle::selectWinner` will lead to collisions.
**Description:**
Inside the `Raffle::selectWinner` function we have been generating a hash using the `keccak256()` function and the input that we are giving to this function is from `abi.encodePacked()` which eventually leads to have collisions on the generated hashes.
**Instances:**
1. Found in src/PuppyRaffle.sol: 128
2. Found in src/PuppyRaffle.sol: 139

---

## [L-2] Referring to `players.length` in `Raffle:selectWinner` will lead to wrong calculation
**Description:**
In `Raffle:selectWinner` we were calculating the total fee by multiplying `player.length` with `entranceFee`. Here we are not considering the people who left the raffle in between by using the `refund` functionality. We are not removing those from the list but making their index as empty which won't affect the length of the list.
Ex. 100 people joined the raffle and 10 people left from it so currently we have only `90 * entranceFee` but in our code we are considering the amount as `100 * entraceFee`

## [L-3] Exit functionality will make the raffle to select the winner even we have less than 4 people in the game.
**Description:**
In `Raffle:selectWinner` we have a condition to select the winner only after we have 4 people on the Game along with other conditions. Unfortunately we are not considering the **exit** functionality which provides a way for people to exit from the Game by using the `Raffle:refund` functionality. It breaks the business rules.

---

# Gas
## [G-1] Improper mutability for variables will increase Gas cost
**Constant Instances:**
```solidity
PuppyRaffle.commonImageUri (src/PuppyRaffle.sol#38) should be constant
PuppyRaffle.rareImageUri (src/PuppyRaffle.sol#43) should be constant
PuppyRaffle.legendaryImageUri (src/PuppyRaffle.sol#48) should be constant
```
Immutable Instances:
```solidity
PuppyRaffle.raffleDuration (src/PuppyRaffle.sol#24) should be immutable
```